- 02) Getting rid of boilerplate
    - 10) Installing the source code that comes with this blog
        - This blog comes with working examples of everything we'll talk about.
        - This is how you install it.
            - Install node
            - Install git
            - `mkdir feathers-an-introduction && cd ./feathers-an-introduction`
            - `git clone https://github.com/eddyystop/feathers-an-introduction`
            - `npm install`
    - 20) Feathers `services` are the heart of every Feathers application.
        - They are small, data-oriented objects that can be used to perform CRUD operations on a resource.
        A resource could be stored in a database, on another server or somewhere entirely different.
        - In this blog we'll use services as database connectors.
        - That is not their only use in Feathers however.
        - The companion blog Feathers Patterns shows some of the many interesting things they can used to implement:
        dashboards, proxy server, remote procedure calls, and resource management on the client.
    - 30) A Feathers database connector
        - This program writes several user items into a NeDB database.
        - It then reads them back and displays the results.
        - Source code: https://github.com/eddyystop/feathers-an-introduction/blob/master/examples/02/a/1.js
        - Run it: `node ./examples/02/a/1`
        - Let's review it
            - Feathers is modular
                - Feathers has embodied the same spirit as Express.
                It is comprised of a bunch of small modules that are all completely optional
                and the core weighs in at just a few hundred lines of code.
                How's that for light weight?!
                Now you can see where Feathers got its name.
            - We will be using the NeDB database in this blog
                - It requires no installation, no administration.
                - It resembles MongoDB in many ways.
            - code snippet
            const NeDB = require('nedb');
            const path = require('path');
            const feathers = require('feathers');
            const service = require('feathers-nedb');
                - We `require` Feathers, the NeDB database and its Feathers adapter
            - code snippet
            const app = feathers()
              .configure(services);
                - We start an instance of Feathers and define its services
            - code snippet
            function services() {
              this.use('/users', service({ Model: userModel() }));
            }
            
            function userModel() {
              return new NeDB({
                filename: path.join('examples', 'data', 'users.db'),
                autoload: true
              });
            }
                - The only service is `users` and its a database table located at
                `examples/data/users.db`.
            - code snippet
            Promise.all([
              users.create({ email: 'jane.doe@gmail.com', password: 'X2y6', role: 'admin' }),
              users.create({ email: 'john.doe@gmail.com', password: 'i6He', role: 'user' }),
              users.create({ email: 'judy.doe@gmail.com', password: '7jHw', role: 'user' })
            ])
                - Create 3 user items.
                    - `users.create` can also be used with a callback.
                    - `users.create({ email: 'jane.doe@gmail.com', password: 'X2y6', role: 'admin' }, {}, (err, data) => { ... })`
                    - However we will use the Promise signatures in this blog because the
                    Feathers core-team prioritizes Promises.
                    - `users.create` returns a promise which resolves into the item added into the
                    database. NeDB will always adds a `_id` property to the user item
                    and the returned item will contain it.
                - Promise sidebar
                    - snippet
                    Promise.all([ ... ]). then(results => { ... });
                    - Promise.all takes an array whose elements are JavaScript values or
                    Promises.
                    - It resolves each element, e.g. it waits for any async Promises to complete.
                    - The elements are resolved in parallel, not sequentially.
                    So Promise.all is a great pattern to start independent actions.
                    - The `then` portion is called once all elements are resolved.
                    - The `then` receives an array as a parameter.
                    - The n-th element of the array is the resolved value of the n-th element in Promise.all.
            - code snippet
            .then(results => {
              console.log('created Jane Doe item\n', results[0]);
              console.log('created John Doe item\n', results[1]);
              console.log('created Judy Doe item\n', results[2]);
                
              users.find()
                .then(results => console.log('find all items\n', results))
            })
                - The 3 user items are returned, as they now are in the database, in `results`.
                - We issue a find for all the items in the users table and print the results.
        - The results are
            - text snippet
            feathers-an-introduction$ node ./examples/02/a/1
            created Jane Doe item
             { email: 'jane.doe@gmail.com',
              password: 'X2y6',
              role: 'admin',
              _id: '6Rq7O4RPYEO2TdAn' }
            created John Doe item
             { email: 'john.doe@gmail.com',
              password: 'i6He',
              role: 'user',
              _id: 'Q2bnsBRfO1ScqoqY' }
            created Judy Doe item
             { email: 'judy.doe@gmail.com',
              password: '7jHw',
              role: 'user',
              _id: 'Tymf6Nailusd5MZD' }
            find all items
             [ { email: 'jane.doe@gmail.com',
                password: 'X2y6',
                role: 'admin',
                _id: '6Rq7O4RPYEO2TdAn' },
              { email: 'john.doe@gmail.com',
                password: 'i6He',
                role: 'user',
                _id: 'Q2bnsBRfO1ScqoqY' },
              { email: 'judy.doe@gmail.com',
                password: '7jHw',
                role: 'user',
                _id: 'Tymf6Nailusd5MZD' } ]

    - In the next article we will turn this example into a full-featured REST API server by adding some 20 lines of Express code.
                