- 01) An introduction to basic Feathers

    - The problem
        - Building a modern web app or API can be challenging because ...
    - How Feathers' addresses the problem
        - A minimalist real-time framework which provides, out of the box, a lot of what you need.
        - For example, it manages client-server communications elegantly in a straight forward manner.
        - A complete database backed CRUD REST and websocket API takes only 30 lines of code to write from scratch.
        - Much of your application becomes isomorphic. You can ran the same code on the server or the client.
    - purpose of this guide
        - Feathersjs has a definite ah-ha moment.
        - The moment you realize you can code the client as if it was running on the server.
        - The purpose of this guide is to lead you, step by step, to that ah-ha moment as quickly as possible.
    - Audience
        - ...
    - generators
        - Feathers has generators as do other frameworks.
        - Some other frameworks that make things “seem” easy by generating thousands of lines of code for you and in the process making it almost impossible to implement anything not supported out of the box by their generators.
        - Feathers generators typically produce a few dozen lines of boilerplate code.
        - They have more to do with how to organize your project.
    - Our approach
        - We will start with writing small segments of Feathers code by hand.
        - We'll take a step by step approach, introducing a few new concepts each time.
        - Each step is backed by a working example in the repo, and the sample code is from that example.
        - Working code should reduce any ambiguity and confusion.
        - This will get us to the Feathers ah-ha moment quickly while fulling understanding what is happening.
        - By the time we get to Feathers' generator, we'll be mainly interested in how they organize projects.
    - A simple Feathers example
        - This program writes several user items into a NeDB database.
        - It then reads them back and displays the results.
        - We'll go over it in detail in the next article in this blog,
        before moving on to other things.
```javascript
  // Example 02.a.1 - Create service on server with NeDB database
  
  const NeDB = require('nedb');
  const path = require('path');
  
  const feathers = require('feathers');
  const service = require('feathers-nedb');
  
  const app = feathers()
    .configure(services);
  
  const users = app.service('users');
  
  Promise.all([
    users.create({ email: 'jane.doe@gmail.com', password: 'X2y6', role: 'admin' }),
    users.create({ email: 'john.doe@gmail.com', password: 'i6He', role: 'user' }),
    users.create({ email: 'judy.doe@gmail.com', password: '7jHw', role: 'user' })
  ])
    .then(results => {
      console.log('created Jane Doe item\n', results[0]);
      console.log('created John Doe item\n', results[1]);
      console.log('created Judy Doe item\n', results[2]);
      
      users.find()
        .then(results => console.log('find all items\n', results))
    })
    .catch(err => console.log('Error occurred:', err));
  
  function services() {
    this.use('/users', service({ Model: userModel() }));
  }
  
  function userModel() {
    return new NeDB({
      filename: path.join('examples', 'data', 'users.db'),
      autoload: true
    });
  }  
```
- 01) An introduction to Feathers
    - What you should not worry about at this time
        - How do I organize my app?
        The generators will do it for you.
        - How do I use my preferred database?
        Feathers supports over 20 different databases.
        Feathers apps are database agnostic for the most part.
        At worst, it shouldn't take more an hour to switch your app from one database to another.
        - authentication
        Feathers authentication wraps Passport so it can do anything Passport does.
        - how do I use it with React, Angular, Vue
        These are covered in the companion guide "Feathers Patterns".
        - Is Feathers production ready? Is it scalable.
        The short answers are yes and yes. We'll go into the details at the end of this guide.
        - Javascript Promises
        Feathers works with both callbacks or Promises.
        This guide uses Promises are they are prioritized by the core-team.
        We'll review what you need to know about Promises, when you need to know it for an example.
        
The first article in a series should be this section follwoed by 02.a.1. This article is rather dry.
We need to show something to interest people in reading the following articles in the series.
A first, "double" article seems one way to try to do that.